Improved Kover documentation (#382)
Kotlin/kotlinx-kover: docs/gradle-plugin/index.md

# Kover Gradle Plugin

> Gradle plugin that measures the coverage with tests of code running on the JVM and generates coverage reports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gradle plugin that measures the coverage for tests running on the JVM and generates coverage reports.
```

'tests of code' sounds too wordy

* Collection of code coverage through `JVM` tests (JS and native targets are not supported yet).
* generating `HTML` and `XML` reports.
* Verification rules with bounds to keep track of coverage.

> * Create tasks to generate reports and automatically adjusts the dependencies between it

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Create tasks to generate reports and automatically adjust the dependencies between it
```

To be consistent with the rest of the list. IMO, everything here should be in third-person, but that depends on the style

```

## Multiproject build
[Multi-project build](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/multi_project_builds.html#sec:creating_multi_project_builds) 

> (sometimes called multimodule project) - this is a Gradle build in which there are several Gradle projects (most often each of which has its own `build.gradle` or `build.gradle.kts` file)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
(sometimes called multimodule project) - this is a Gradle build in which there are several Gradle projects (most often each has its own `build.gradle` or `build.gradle.kts` file)
```

```

## HTML report description
![Example of HTML report](html.png)
- green indicates a line that has been executed at least once (covered)
- red indicates a line that has never been executed (missed)
- yellow indicates a line in which there is a branching, but at least one of the branches was not executed (partially covered)
- code that was excluded from the report using filters is not highlighted in any color

> In the HTML report, Kover shows coverage by lines, it cannot display detailed coverage for an expression or separately for each code branch on a line.

Reviewer: This is the limitation of default Kover tool, but Jacoco can do this?

Author: No, JaCoCo also can't
